TA Meeting notes:

The deadline of git is the 18th of February

Mattermost Usernames:
maikdevries
caschutte
cobameobiang
Irentea
avilakathara
markoivanov
ttotomanov




Compiled notes of the meeting with the CTA:

Must haves:

The general idea of the application is that it is a program for managing buildings and rooms on the campus. When the user opens the application the user can sign up or log in. 
A user can sign up with their netid/student number.  
There are 3 different types of users: Admin, Employee and student. 

When logged in the user will see a list of all the buildings and will be able to reserve a room in that building. The user will see some information about a building, such as opening hours.

A room can be reserved in timeslots of 30 minutes / 60 minutes. A user can not reserve rooms with overlapping time slots. A room also has certain details, such as a capacity or having a projector. 

The user will be able to see all reservations he or she has made in the past and in the future. 

The rooms a user can see depends on their role. So a student is able to see different rooms than an employee.

The admin should be able to change anything. Such as, descriptions of a building, capacity of a room, add more rooms, add a building.

An admin is able to cancel any reservation.

An admin is able to block reservations for a certain amount of time. 




Nice to haves:

The user is able to filter rooms based on certain properties

A teacher can have multiple rooms reserved at the same time

Each building has a food store with it’s own reservation system. This system allows a user to order food and pick it up at a certain location.

The user is able to cancel a reservation.



Followup questions

Is there a maximum time a user can reserve a room for? For example an entire day?

Do we have to create a server application and connect the client application to the server application to get its data?

Are we allowed to use http requests?





Questions asked/answered during meeting with CTA (uncompiled)

Questions for CTA:


Any ui recommendations?
	Menu location? Top left?
	Colour scheme?
	Modern?
	


Authentication?
	Design?

What is it supposed to do?
	

The scope of the program?
	How many users?


What kind of users? 
	Different access levels? 
		If so, what does each role need to be able to do?

What campus? Just Delft?


Do we need to be able to add multiple campuses?


What needs to be managed?
	Buildings?
	Coffeemachines?


Uptime?
	24/7?

Availability?
	Desktop app
	Website?


Offline functionality?

Real time?


Can the user add buildings for example?


Can there be a queue? For example can you queue to access a room?


Multiple language support?






gENERAL IDEA


Campus managment software, Manually go to the building to book lecture hall 


Available rooms in building


Sign in/sign up
Certain buildings that hold certain rooms, opening hours, timeslots

User overview all reservations, future and past

Be able to book a room



NICE TZO  HAVE food store in every building with a menu/ food reservation system


Option to cancel? Yes, not required

Admin can create buildings, edit the whole system, cancel reservations of other users.

Different roles: sutdents should have different access rights than employees, rooms should have a role(?) e.g. drebbelweg is an exam room

A booking is a booking


Booking at the same time not allowed


show/not show rooms not applicable to students 

If someone doesnt show up, admin should cancel the booking

Can only book before the time of slot


Nice to have feature: Teacher is allowed to book multiple rooms at the same time, students only 1

Rooms have a capacity, does it have a whiteboard? Projector e.g.


Nice to have: filtering based on room specifications

Employee, admin, teacher roles. 


Authentication, as little data as possible, studentnumber/netid, not be able to delete account


No penalty for not showing up to reserverd rooms

Make it “not ugly”

Create an API, only allowed language is java

Auto refresh/button

Food thign has its own menu, link it to reserved room


2 to 4 weeks reservation in the future

Admin can block certain periods e.g. holiday ADDITIONAL

Admin can change anything


MORE:

Calendar view of reservations














